readme.md, before:

REST Order System:
==================

This is my first real attempt to using Spring Boot, Spring MVC, and Spring Data
API outside of scripted tutorials. 

This was a great exercise to learn these parts of Spring framework, since it 
involved a database, REST interface, and based on my own desire to be as close 
to "five-star" REST as I could get. 

The RepositoryRestResource looked incredibly promising as a start,
however it didn't seem to provide a simple mechanism for customizing what happens
during a POST, PUT, etc. or how to validate these requests and cause side-effects
(I found documentation on  event listeners, but these were troublesome to implement).
As a result, the /orders resource is implemented as a @RestController (since it 
needed customization) while the /products resource is implemented using a 
RepositryRestResource. I plan to keep my eye on this and see whether things get
clearer with time, however I might steer clear of using these outside of 
learning exercises until then.

Order System Requirement:
=========================

Wednesday, March 25, 2015 9:41 AM

Create a system that manages products, inventories and orders. The system exposes 
a REST API and stores its data within a relational database, for example, MySQL.
The REST API allows consumers to perform all actions such as managing products,
setting inventories, ordering products, etc. as described in the user stories
below.

User Stories
------------

* As an administrator, I need the ability to add a product to the system
   * Done, tested
   * Available via a POST to http://localhost:8080/products
* As an administrator, I need the ability to update a product's definition in the system
   * Done, tested
   * Available via a PUT to http://localhost:8080/products/{id}
* As an administrator, I need the ability to delete a product from the system
   * Done, tested
   * Available via a DELETE on http://localhost:8080/products/{id}
* As an administrator, I need the ability to set the initial inventory for the product in the system
   * Done, tested (with create and/or update)
   * Available via either:
      * POST to http://localhost:8080/products to create it with pre-sent inventory
      * PUT to http://localhost:8080/products to adjust the inventory directly after an item has been created
      * POST to http://localhost:8080/restock/orders with a properly-configured request after an item has been created
* As an administrator, I need the ability to reorder products to increase the inventory level
   * If you simply want update stock level, then a PUT works
   * Instead, I created a RestockOrder...this currently is immediately effective, but could be asyncronous (need copperation from warehouse, etc)
   * Available via a POST to http://localhost:8080/restock/orders with a properly-configured request
* As a user, I need the ability to see all products in the system
   * Done, tested
   * Available via a GET to http://localhost:8080/products
* As a user, I need the ability to order one or more products for purchase
   * Done, tested
   * Available via a POST to http://localhost:8080/orders
* As a user, I need the ability to specify a shipping address for my order
   * Done, tested (part of representation)
   * Available via a POST to http://localhost:8080/orders (during initial create)
* As a user, I need the ability to specify a billing address for my order
   * Done, tested (part of representation)
   * Available via a POST to http://localhost:8080/orders (during initial create)
* As a user, I need the ability to view my past orders
   * Done, tested
   * Available via a GET to http://localhost:8080/orders?user={username}
* As a user, I need the ability to search for a product
   * Done, tested
   * Available via a GET to any of:
      * http://localhost:8080/products/search/findByNameContainingAndPriceLessThan?name={partial name}&price={max price}
      * http://localhost:8080/products/search/findByNameContaining?name={partial name}
      * http://localhost:8080/products/search/findByDescriptionContaining?desc={partial description}


Product
-------

A PRODUCT has the following attributes 
* Product Name
* Product Description
* Number of Items in Stock
* Price per Item

Order
-----

An ORDER has the following attributes 
* Customer Name
* Customer Address
* Order Number
* Order Date
* List of Products ordered

Expectations
------------

* The system will be developed using the following technology stack
   * Java SE 1.7 or 1.8
   * Spring Framework
   * Hibernate
* You are free to choose any IDE that supports the above technology stack on an
  OS of your choice
* The database will be MySQL
  * There's a database-init.sql file to initialize this, and an sample config in application.properties that you can modify to use MySQL
* The system will expose a set of REST APIs that addresses the requirements above
* A user interface is NOT necessary
* Unit tests must be written (using either Junit or TestNG)
* The entire source code should be shared back with us
   * Please send source code or link(GitHub or Bitbucket)to prabal.ghosh@pb.com
   * The entire exercise must be completed and returned by Monday, 30th March, 2015
￼￼

Questions:

 * Do we need authentication?
   * No
 * When an order is placed, should we check stock?
   * Yes
 * How do we do restock restfully? Is that another service? I think so...
   * Ok
 * How does a user indicate they want to place an order for more than one of some product?
   * Multiple in order
 * Should it be packaged with MySQL, or simply be configurable to connect to it?
   * A script is sufficient
 * "Search for a product?" How?
   * "Don't get carried away"
 * Customer places an order, does it affect inventory?
   * Yes
 * Can we accept orders that we can't satisfy (not enough inventory, invalid items)?
   * No, it should be rejected

Commit message:

udpdted docs to link to test results

readme.md, after:

REST Order System:
==================

This is my first real attempt to using Spring Boot, Spring MVC, and Spring Data
API outside of scripted tutorials. 

This was a great exercise to learn these parts of Spring framework, since it 
involved a database, REST interface, and based on my own desire to be as close 
to "five-star" REST as I could get. 

The RepositoryRestResource looked incredibly promising as a start,
however it didn't seem to provide a simple mechanism for customizing what happens
during a POST, PUT, etc. or how to validate these requests and cause side-effects
(I found documentation on  event listeners, but these were troublesome to implement).
As a result, the /orders resource is implemented as a @RestController (since it 
needed customization) while the /products resource is implemented using a 
RepositryRestResource. I plan to keep my eye on this and see whether things get
clearer with time, however I might steer clear of using these outside of 
learning exercises until then.

I really enjoyed the simplicity of the Mock MVC sytem to enable testing, it 
actually a joy to use to write tests. Test report here: [This link](surefire-report.html) .

Order System Requirement:
=========================

Wednesday, March 25, 2015 9:41 AM

Create a system that manages products, inventories and orders. The system exposes 
a REST API and stores its data within a relational database, for example, MySQL.
The REST API allows consumers to perform all actions such as managing products,
setting inventories, ordering products, etc. as described in the user stories
below.

User Stories
------------

* As an administrator, I need the ability to add a product to the system
   * Done, tested
   * Available via a POST to http://localhost:8080/products
* As an administrator, I need the ability to update a product's definition in the system
   * Done, tested
   * Available via a PUT to http://localhost:8080/products/{id}
* As an administrator, I need the ability to delete a product from the system
   * Done, tested
   * Available via a DELETE on http://localhost:8080/products/{id}
* As an administrator, I need the ability to set the initial inventory for the product in the system
   * Done, tested (with create and/or update)
   * Available via either:
      * POST to http://localhost:8080/products to create it with pre-sent inventory
      * PUT to http://localhost:8080/products to adjust the inventory directly after an item has been created
      * POST to http://localhost:8080/restock/orders with a properly-configured request after an item has been created
* As an administrator, I need the ability to reorder products to increase the inventory level
   * If you simply want update stock level, then a PUT works
   * Instead, I created a RestockOrder...this currently is immediately effective, but could be asyncronous (need copperation from warehouse, etc)
   * Available via a POST to http://localhost:8080/restock/orders with a properly-configured request
* As a user, I need the ability to see all products in the system
   * Done, tested
   * Available via a GET to http://localhost:8080/products
* As a user, I need the ability to order one or more products for purchase
   * Done, tested
   * Available via a POST to http://localhost:8080/orders
* As a user, I need the ability to specify a shipping address for my order
   * Done, tested (part of representation)
   * Available via a POST to http://localhost:8080/orders (during initial create)
* As a user, I need the ability to specify a billing address for my order
   * Done, tested (part of representation)
   * Available via a POST to http://localhost:8080/orders (during initial create)
* As a user, I need the ability to view my past orders
   * Done, tested
   * Available via a GET to http://localhost:8080/orders?user={username}
* As a user, I need the ability to search for a product
   * Done, tested
   * Available via a GET to any of:
      * http://localhost:8080/products/search/findByNameContainingAndPriceLessThan?name={partial name}&price={max price}
      * http://localhost:8080/products/search/findByNameContaining?name={partial name}
      * http://localhost:8080/products/search/findByDescriptionContaining?desc={partial description}


Product
-------

A PRODUCT has the following attributes 
* Product Name
* Product Description
* Number of Items in Stock
* Price per Item

Order
-----

An ORDER has the following attributes 
* Customer Name
* Customer Address
* Order Number
* Order Date
* List of Products ordered

Expectations
------------

* The system will be developed using the following technology stack
   * Java SE 1.7 or 1.8
   * Spring Framework
   * Hibernate
* You are free to choose any IDE that supports the above technology stack on an
  OS of your choice
* The database will be MySQL
  * There's a database-init.sql file to initialize this, and an sample config in application.properties that you can modify to use MySQL
* The system will expose a set of REST APIs that addresses the requirements above
* A user interface is NOT necessary
* Unit tests must be written (using either Junit or TestNG)
* The entire source code should be shared back with us
   * Please send source code or link(GitHub or Bitbucket)to prabal.ghosh@pb.com
   * The entire exercise must be completed and returned by Monday, 30th March, 2015
￼￼

Questions:

 * Do we need authentication?
   * No
 * When an order is placed, should we check stock?
   * Yes
 * How do we do restock restfully? Is that another service? I think so...
   * Ok
 * How does a user indicate they want to place an order for more than one of some product?
   * Multiple in order
 * Should it be packaged with MySQL, or simply be configurable to connect to it?
   * A script is sufficient
 * "Search for a product?" How?
   * "Don't get carried away"
 * Customer places an order, does it affect inventory?
   * Yes
 * Can we accept orders that we can't satisfy (not enough inventory, invalid items)?
   * No, it should be rejected
